hi guys doing out there you okay where
you're sure amazing to look at thank you
this is an unforgettable night for his
first time ever in Russia
I believe so many people came out to
join us here we didn't expect this at
all this is really amazing so
I told you that we would come and we
came okay
trying to remember if I know anything
else in horrible French sedol spot too
severe low blood
who
you know when I made that video for a
beautiful lion when we all went to to
the Arctic does anybody understand a
word I'm saying well if not you can
translate to the person next to you but
I was actually living here in Brussels
while I made that video a short time I
was plotting and planning and then we
left at the end of the Brussels trip we
would tilt to the Arctic and we stood on
top of those icebergs which is a very
very very stupid thing to do even the
people that lived there they were
looking at us like Hugh caches the
biggest idiots we've ever met in our
lives
but it was amazing
and so this place has a special I don't
know when I think of Belgium I don't
think that always second country in
Europe it's nice to play it's it's kind
of like a homecoming in a way and so
thanks for making it I know that you
guys are very loving and very polite and
you have great hot chocolate here but
we're all the crazy people out there can
you raise
I see there's like a big dip in the
middle of here or something what's going
on can we turn the lights on John yeah
what's going on over here there's
something crazy well what I think we
should do what I think we should do is
we should open up a giant circle so
spread it start spreading apart make a
big circle right there in the middle
everybody cooperate you're you're
building people very friendly yeah make
a nice big circle right there yeah great
for your recording yeah you come over
here you do crazy people there we go
open it nice and wide 20 feet that way
20 feet that way everybody spread it
apart and now this is a little VIP
section for all the crazy people over
here raise your hands of you there
all the guys out there make some fucking
noise
I'm telling you when we play Paris fish
the circle is going to be five times
bigger than that so don't let them
embarrass you
let's open that thing up okay
clean it up yeah don't just look around
spread it apart
and if you're a little girl like you get
the fuck out of there really quick yeah
she's like oh I thought when we were
square-dancing yeah this is going to be
a circle pit right okay
a big giant posh pit so if you don't
want to be in the mosh pit you need to
leave and if you want to be on the mosh
pit this is for you right here okay
all of you francais anyone you wanna
okay Poli bill on the table
judge
once again thirty Seconds to Mars thank
you very much
ding-ding
there it is very good job thank you
everybody right there in the back push
back another ten feet that way one two
three push back yes
oh excuse me a ghost
yes you you you you back another 10 feet
let's go push it back okay Jesus Christ
I should work for the United Nations
probably not now this is a celebration
is this next song this is what I want
you guys to do look give me everybody in
the pit this is what we're gonna do it's
called the pit of speed so it's as fast
as you can
this way clockwise as fast as you can
this song is called fish